---
layout: post
---
# Prepping to leave.
**Travel updates.**
**Date: 9/14/2015**

######First of all, thanks to everyone that has helped me and donated to my cause. I will continue to change and mess with the formatting of the website (Suggestions/grammar corrections, etc.. are welcome in the comment section below!)

Hello again everyone!

I am now 3 and a half weeks away from leaving and I've finally received information about my departure. This is long awaited info that bot my parents and I have been anxious to receive. Each new step makes me realize that this is really happening, and I'm both nervous and excited for what is to come.

While spending a weekend in Pittsburgh working another comic-con with CPO, I received my staging e-mail and confirmed my travel plans that begin on October 10th. They entail 3 days in Philadelphia for staging, in which I will meet with all my fellow volunteers and learn more about what my day-to-day will be like while abroad. The e-mail said that I will need to dress in business casual attire for the staging meetings, is it bad that I still need to use Google to make sure I know what business casual is?

After this, my fellow volunteers and I shall leave for Banjul, the capital of the Gambia, but not before we make a stop in NY, Brussels, and Dakar. I doubt there will be time to see anything or even leave the airport but it will be an interesting flight, considering I've only ever been as far west and north as Seattle as Cali, as far east as Philadelphia, and as far south as Veracruz.

Signing off,

Your favorite blog writer.