---
layout: post
---
# 1st full day in the Gambia!

### Travel, Staging, and more.

#### Date: 10/15/2015

Hello everyone.

I'm finally in the Gambia... (after 2 full days in Philly and 4 days of travel.)

1. The Travel

	So I left on the 10th after a bunch of my friends and family actually showed up to celebrate my departure (I meant to phrase it that way). I left for Philly at 2pm and arrived at 4:15 with two checked bags that weighed in around 45lbs each. A backpack that was a bit too big to be carry-on but got in anyways and my guitar in it's huge case. After 4 days in Philly we left on a bus on the 13th at 9am EST to drive to JFK to for an 8 hr flight to Brussels at 5ish. Waited in Brussels for 3hrs. Flew to Dakar for another 6. Waited in Dakar for an hour and then left to Banjul for a 25min flight.

	About 30 hours total... fun..... 
	
2. Staging

	Staging consisted of 2 full days in Philly where I got to meet the other 35 volunteers that I got sent over here with. We sat in session for most part of the day while our Staging trainers led us in group discussions, gave us tons of info on PC procedures and protocol, and helped us all get to know each other.

3. Banjul

	After finally making it to the Gambia on Wednesday the 14th at 6pm, we were met by current PCV's (Peace Corps Volunteer) and many of the staff from the local PC office. We've got to meet the people who will be our PCVT's (Peace Corps Volunteers Trainers) who consist of PCV's that have been here for a year or two.

	They, very skillfully, packed us and all of our bags onto a bunch of trucks and comvee vans to take us to the PC Office in Banjul, about 20 - 25 mins from the airport. We met some of the staff and a few other PCV's and PCT's. We recieved our incredibly packed schedule for the next 3 months of training. We ended the day by separating our group of 36 into the two sectors we represent Agriculture/Environment & Health and taking us to two other nearby PC buildings, the Transit House and the GPI.

	Today, thursday the 15th, consisted of introductory training and meeting the rest of the staff. We recieved a few folders and notebooks that had most of our training materials and a full hourly schedule of the next 3 months of training. These next three months will consist of finalizing the medical process, language training, site placement, and basically learning the culture. We also recieved PC issued cellphones, all the meds we'll need for the next three months (mostly anti-malarial meds), safety meetings, basic language training, and a personal interviews with the doctor.

	I'll try to post pictures tomorrow on either this or a new post.

Write ya soon,

Your favorite blog writer.

P.S. You can now call me, at your expense (steep fee that I don't really know), at 1-220-508-8365. Anytime after 6 pm GMT works best.