---
layout: post
---
# You know your beard is getting long when you can see it in your periphery.
### Still figuring this internet stuff out.
#### Date: 01/21/16

Hey once again,

First of all, sorry for the lame post and lack of pics and videos that I've been promising.
I've seriously overrated the internet infrastructure available to me.
But in my defense, even though my last trip to the capital was unsuccessfull in making a decent blog post, I know know how to go about it for the next time I go.

If it helps at all, I am now uploading a bunch of random pics that were taken on my phone from my arrival to training village up until about a month ago, when I first got to my permanent site.
Imgur should let me label them so I can provide context but really the majority are a bunch of random pics that my host brother and my "son" (host sisters son) from training village, Kaiaf, took.


A lot of them are untitled and have no description but the ones with titles have descriptions so be sure to read them.

[Random 150 pics](http://imgur.com/a/jJ23j)

[Another random 77 pics](http://imgur.com/a/paOGi)


As of now, I've been at my permanent site of Mademba Kunda for about a month and a half and I'm loving it.
I basically get to work when I feel like it and chill when I feel like it.
But despite the lack of scheduling, I've managed to stay fairly busy by setting up my new house, building a garden, working on my fellow PCV's huge nursery project that happens to be super close to me, and meeting tons of people in my village, Mademba Kunda, and the surround 3 villages, Nema Kunku, Bakalarr, and Medina Sidia (because there is basically no distinction between the 4 villages).
I should be in the capital twice in the next 3-4 weeks so that should give me plenty of time to make a few more specific and better posts, I mean it this time!

Forever yours, 
Fanding Jarju
